Language fixes to configuring Fusion security (#497)
vaadin/docs: articles/fusion/security/spring-login.asciidoc

include::{root}/frontend/demo/fusion/authentication/login-view.ts[]
----

The authentication helper methods in the code examples are grouped in a separate TypeScript file, as shown below.

> It utilises a Fusion [methodname]#login()# helper method for Spring-Security-based authentication.

Reviewer: Should it be "Spring Security -based" instead? Looks weird to spell it as "Spring-Security".

Author: Or "authentication via Spring Security"?

Reviewer 2: I've usually recommended against Latinisms like via (and Latin abbreviations).

=== Alternatives to Using the Configuration Helper

[methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.configure(http)# configures HTTP security to bypass framework internal resources.
If you prefer to roll your own configuration instead of using the helper, the matcher for these resources can be retrieved with [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.getDefaultHttpSecurityPermitMatcher()#.

> For example, [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.configure(http)# requires all requests but to be authenticated, except the Vaadin internal ones.

Reviewer: There’s something wrong with this sentence ("...all request but to be authenticated, except...").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.configure(http)# requires all requests to be authenticated, except the Vaadin internal ones.
```

}
----

> In an analogous way, the matcher for static resources to be ignored is available as [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.getDefaultWebSecurityIgnoreMatcher()#:

Reviewer: Wouldn't "similarly" be good enough?

Author: Agreed. "Similarly" isn't exactly the same as "in an analogous way", but its simplicity wins here.

> In an analogous way, the matcher for static resources to be ignored is available as [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.getDefaultWebSecurityIgnoreMatcher()#:

Author: ```suggestion
Similarly, the matcher for static resources to be ignored is available as [methodname]#VaadinWebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.getDefaultWebSecurityIgnoreMatcher()#:
```

=== LDAP Authentication

> The next example shows how to configure authentication by using an LDAP repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure authentication by using an LDAP repository.
```
